Adding withLink prop to ProductBrand (#899)
vtex-apps/store-components: docs/ProductBrand.md

### Configuration

| Prop name | Type | Description | Default value 
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `displayMode` | `String` | You should choose between `logo` or `text`. This will define if the product brand will be displayed by name or logo. | `logo` |
| `fallbackToText` | `Boolean` |  This prop should only be used when `displayMode` is set to `logo`. It defines what should be done when the Product Brand was set to display a brand logo but no image was registered in the VTEX admin's Catalog. This prop is set as `true` by default, allowing the logo to be replaced with the brand name in those scenarios. When set as `false`, the store will not show the brand name instead of the brand logo. | `true` |
| `height` | `Number` | It sets the logo height. It should only be used when `displayMode` is set to `logo`. | `100` |
| `excludeBrands` | `Array` | The brand names or brand IDs listed in the array will never be displayed by the Brand component. It is usually useful to hide default or test brand names/logos on the store front. | `undefined` |

> | `logoWithLink` | `boolean` | ![https://img.shields.io/badge/-Deprecated-red](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Deprecated-red) Use withLink instead | `false` |
> | `withLink` | `none | logo | text | logoAndText` | In which cases the brand will have a link that leads to the store's brand page. | `none` |
> | `brandName` | `String` | The brand name. If this value is not passed, it will be obtained through the product context. | `undefined` |
> | `brandId` | `Number` | The brand id. If this value is not passed, it will be obtained through the product context. | `undefined` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `withLink` | `enum` | Defines the scenarios in which the product brand should have a link that leads to its website. Possible values are: `none` (never displays the link), `logo` (displays the link whenever the brand logo is displayed), `text` (displays the link whenever the brand name is displayed), and `logoAndText` (displays the link whenever the brand logo or the brand name is displayed).  | `none` |
| `brandName` | `string` | The brand name. If no value is declared, the product context should provide the data. | `undefined` |
| `brandId` | `number` | The brand ID.  If no value is declared, the product context should provide the data. | `undefined` |
```
